W-21949883 Add note (#1034)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.11/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-included-rate-limiting-sla.adoc

|Block on unknown quota  | For policies using distributed rate limiting, block requests if the policy can't retrieve the quota from shared storage. If not enabled and the quota can't be retrieved, no rate limiting is applied. | Checked or unchecked
|===

> NOTE: If distributed rate limiting is enabled, the policy resizes time windows under 10 seconds linearly. For example, if you configure a max of 10 requests per 5 seconds, the policy resizes that window to a max of 20 requests per 10 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If you enable the distributed rate limiting, the policy resizes time windows under 10 seconds linearly. For example, if you configure a maximum of 10 requests per 5 seconds, the policy resizes that window to a maximum of 20 requests per 10 seconds.
```

Reviewer: The same change is suggested globally.
